test_blog_header_present (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_entry_elements_present (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_nav_blog_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_nav_github_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_nav_home_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_nav_linkedin_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_nav_projects_home_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_nav_thumb_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_section_header_present (blog.selenium_tests.test_detail.BlogDetailTests) ... ok
test_blog_header_present (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_entries_present (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_blog_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_github_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_home_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_linkedin_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_projects_home_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_thumb_link (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_section_header_present (blog.selenium_tests.test_home.BaseHomeTests) ... ok
test_attribution_not_displayed (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_create_edit_delete (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_create_new_entry_and_delete (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_nav_blog_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_nav_github_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_nav_home_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_nav_linkedin_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_nav_projects_home_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_nav_thumb_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_projects_banner (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_projects_subnav (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_toggle_draw (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_toggle_modify (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_toolbar_open_and_close (geopost.selenium_tests.test_entry.EntryTests) ... ok
test_attribution_not_displayed (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_auth_elements (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_info_displayed (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_modal_open_and_close (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_nav_blog_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_nav_github_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_nav_home_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_nav_linkedin_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_nav_projects_home_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_nav_thumb_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_projects_banner (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_projects_subnav (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAnonymousTests) ... ok
test_attribution_not_displayed (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_auth_elements (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_follow_new_entry_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_info_displayed (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_modal_open_and_close (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_nav_blog_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_nav_github_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_nav_home_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_nav_linkedin_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_nav_projects_home_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_nav_thumb_link (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_projects_banner (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_projects_subnav (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_toolbar_open_and_close (geopost.selenium_tests.test_home.HomeAuthedTests) ... ok
test_all_projects_displayed (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_blog_link (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_github_link (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_home_link (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_linkedin_link (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_projects_home_link (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_nav_thumb_link (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_projects_banner (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_projects_subnav (projects.selenium_tests.test_home.ProjectsHomeTests) ... ok
test_blurbs_present (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok
test_nav_blog_link (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok
test_nav_github_link (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok
test_nav_home_link (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok
test_nav_linkedin_link (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok
test_nav_projects_home_link (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok
test_nav_thumb_link (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok
test_projects_div_matches_projects_dropdown (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok
test_qa_carousel (zachsite.selenium_tests.test_home.HomePageTests) ... ok

----------------------------------------------------------------------
Ran 76 tests in 379.317s

OK
